Document public unsupported APIs (#6921)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/release-policy.md

* Text in log and exception messages is not considered part of the public API.
* Specific instances where following SemVer could hide potential message loss between versions.

> * Public unsupported APIs: Undocumented APIs are unsupported; as such, they don't follow SemVer. Unsupported APIs are identified by the [`Experimental` attribute](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/proposals/csharp-12.0/experimental-attribute) to allow compilers to report the unsupported nature of the referenced member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Experimental APIs: Public APIs marked with the [`ExperimentalAttribute`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/proposals/csharp-12.0/experimental-attribute) are considered unsupported and thus don't follow SemVer. Due to the usage of the experimental attribute using those APIs requires suppressing the compiler warning to explicitly opting into the unsupported nature of the referenced member as they are subjected to change without guided obsoletion.
```

ors stronger and more concise

```suggestion
* Experimental APIs: Public APIs marked with the [ExperimentalAttribute](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/proposals/csharp-12.0/experimental-attribute) are considered unsupported and do not adhere to SemVer. Using these APIs requires suppressing compiler warnings, explicitly opting into their unsupported nature. As such, they are subject to change without prior notice or guided obsoletion.
```
